readme improvements (#129)
adobe/commerce-events: packages/storefront-events-sdk/README.md

## API reference

The SDK is broken down into four major parts: `Context`, `Publish`, `Subscribe`, `Unsubscribe`.

### Context

Pre-defined contexts are listed in the [ContextManager](./src/ContextManager.ts).

Examples of setting context under [examples/events/example-contexts](../../examples/events/example-contexts/).

Required contexts per event under [examples/events/](../../examples/events/).

### Publish

> Pre-defined publishable events listed in the [PublishManager](./src/PublishManager.ts). Any event that's not part of the `PublishManager` should be handled as a custom event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pre-defined publishable events are listed in the [PublishManager](./src/PublishManager.ts). Any event that is not part of the `PublishManager` should be handled as a custom event.
```

> A list of examples on publishing each event is available under [examples](../../examples/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A list of examples on publishing events is available under [examples](../../examples/).
```

### Subscribe

> Supported subscibe events are defined in the [SubscribeManager](./src/SubscribeManager.ts). Any event that's not part of the `SubscribeManager` should be handled as a custom event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Supported `subscibe` events are defined in the [SubscribeManager](./src/SubscribeManager.ts). Any event that is not part of the `SubscribeManager` should be handled as a custom event.
```

Note that a large number of custom events with different schemas is an anti-pattern (most events you need should be supported by `SubscribeManager`). If there are standard events you believe should be supported by `SubscribeManager`, please submit an [issue](https://github.com/adobe/commerce-events/issues).

Note that it is rare for an application utilizing the SDK to have to subscribe to events. In most cases subscribes and unsubscribes are handled by the [Storefront Events Collector](../storefront-events-collector/).

### Unsubscribe

> Supported unsubscibe events are defined in the [UnubscribeManager](./src/UnsubscribeManager.ts).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Supported `unsubscibe` events are defined in the [UnubscribeManager](./src/UnsubscribeManager.ts).
```
